content/posts/terraria-logs.md, before:

---
title: "Terraria Logs"
date: 2024-01-01T07:50:50+05:30
draft: false
toc: false
images:
tags: 
  - game
  - terraria
---

### 01-01-2024

I have been playing terraria for a few weeks now. Terraria is a 2D minecraft like game, where you mine stuff in the morning and fight demons in the night. Its kind of cool, it has a lot of secret things that the player has to unravel. Its kind of fun.

I am not much of a genius so I usually end up reading on how to do certain things online, as I find it hard to figure it out myself.

#### How I started playing terraria?

I got hooked on games after I saw the trailer for the game "Cuphead". I was kind of burnt out in the job I was in back then and I wanted some time off, so I decided to leave that job and pursure game development. As a go away gift one of my mentors gifted me with the game terraria. He said, if he had got this game when he was a kid, he would have played it all day long.

When I was jobless at my parents house, I tried my hand at streaming gameplays on twitch. I started playing Terraria during one of my twitch stream sessions. A few of my twitch viewers decided to do co-op and they came into my terraria world. One of the folks was a terraria veteran, and that person just went crazy with the drops, they unlocked everything for me in a few minutes of game play and I even fought with the eye of cthulu. But after a while my laptop server started maxing out and I had to end my twitch session and I didn't play terraria for a long time after that.

But I got to understand how cool terraria was back then and I wanted to unravel its secrets and progression by myself without being handed everything on a platter. The concept of doing certain things to obtain an item is so close to some thing from real life and it makes sense to me and I want to play this game because of that.

#### Back to my current progress

As of the first day of the year 2024, I got an anvil, have a few houses, have explored 2 sky islands, have ridden in the underground railway as long the rails were there, got some christmas gifts and have bought some piggy banks to store some of my money and other useless junk.

During my visit to the sky islands, I got to replace my default weapons with some good weapons from the chests that were in the houses made of gold there. Now I am able to beat the monsters of the night with ease.

#### Things I am looking forward to

- I still have not found a crystal heart, I will be needing it to increase my life count. (later that day I got one!!)
- Fight the eye of cthulu or some boss
- Get some wings

Commit message:

blog: possibly the last entry for terraria

content/posts/terraria-logs.md, after:

---
title: "Terraria Logs"
date: 2024-01-01T07:50:50+05:30
draft: false
toc: false
images:
tags: 
  - game
  - terraria
---

### 09-03-2023

I got bored and felt that the game was quite repetetive. The end.

### 06-01-2024

Today's run was quite eventful, but before that let me fill in on some of the runs I have had in the past week. 


#### Past week's run
I have been exploring the underground in search of crystal hearts, I needed 5 hearts to make my health to be 10 hearts = 200 health points in total to summon the eye of Cthulu. I had already found a crystal heart in my previous run on the new year day of 2024. Back to exploring the underground, as I was exploring the underground, I found a place that was filled with a lot of statues, it was under the desert biome I believe, kind of reminded me the treasures of egypt. I had so many statues that I had to throw away most of my inventory to carry them all. I brought them upto the surface and built a house for every one of thoe statues. 

In the same place I believe there was a chest and it had a boot with wings, that makes the wearer move fast. I had heard about it before in a youtube video, so I equipped it. After this I decided to explore the right side of the map on the surface. With the fast boots, I was able to cover vast areas of land quickly. I came across a land that was purple in color, I thought it was new biome and didn't pay more attention to it. The creatures in this region looked quite menacing like true monsters not the cute zombies or blobs that we face in the usual biomes. After that I started coming across more holes that led me to the underground. I fell into one by mistake and I travelled down to explore it. I couldn't mine any of the sand / blocks in this new biome. I thought this was a section of the game that was only open to advanced players and came back to my home and exited the game. 

That new biome was nothing but corruption creeping up in my world (based on terraria wiki).

#### Today's run

Today I woke up early and started my run. Today I had two plans. One was to explore the underground in search of more crystal hearts and to create a bridge that connected all sky islands. During my underground exploration I ventured the grounds beneath the ice biome. I was able to find two cool things, actually three. I found a crystal heart, a demon forge (hope I got the name right, I only saw a picture of it once in the wiki) and in a chest, I got the item to summon the eye of Cthulu. At last, I knew it was time for a boss fight. My first boss fight in terraria.




### 01-01-2024

I have been playing terraria for a few weeks now. Terraria is a 2D minecraft like game, where you mine stuff in the morning and fight demons in the night. Its kind of cool, it has a lot of secret things that the player has to unravel. Its kind of fun.

I am not much of a genius so I usually end up reading on how to do certain things online, as I find it hard to figure it out myself.

#### How I started playing terraria?

I got hooked on games after I saw the trailer for the game "Cuphead". I was kind of burnt out in the job I was in back then and I wanted some time off, so I decided to leave that job and pursure game development. As a go away gift one of my mentors gifted me with the game terraria. He said, if he had got this game when he was a kid, he would have played it all day long.

When I was jobless at my parents house, I tried my hand at streaming gameplays on twitch. I started playing Terraria during one of my twitch stream sessions. A few of my twitch viewers decided to do co-op and they came into my terraria world. One of the folks was a terraria veteran, and that person just went crazy with the drops, they unlocked everything for me in a few minutes of game play and I even fought with the eye of cthulu. But after a while my laptop server started maxing out and I had to end my twitch session and I didn't play terraria for a long time after that.

But I got to understand how cool terraria was back then and I wanted to unravel its secrets and progression by myself without being handed everything on a platter. The concept of doing certain things to obtain an item is so close to some thing from real life and it makes sense to me and I want to play this game because of that.

#### Back to my current progress

As of the first day of the year 2024, I got an anvil, have a few houses, have explored 2 sky islands, have ridden in the underground railway as long the rails were there, got some christmas gifts and have bought some piggy banks to store some of my money and other useless junk.

During my visit to the sky islands, I got to replace my default weapons with some good weapons from the chests that were in the houses made of gold there. Now I am able to beat the monsters of the night with ease.

#### Things I am looking forward to

- I still have not found a crystal heart, I will be needing it to increase my life count. (later that day I got one!!)
- Fight the eye of cthulu or some boss
- Get some wings
